Technically, the smallest unit that can contain a meaningful set of data is called as "entity".
So our rows, columns, and even tables are entities.

We can think of entities as the objects of databases. But in this lecture, we will basically think entities as tables. And entities have some attributes.
So with storing the department_id in each record of employees table, we simply establish a relationship

among these two tables.

So these arrows represent the relations between these two tables.

So basically, a "relation" means a "connection" between two tables.
architecture of the Oracle Database is briefly actually as an escort developer.

Database Objects
->Oracle Database has many database objects categorized under two subjects which are Schema objects and Nonschenects. Schema Objects: A schema is a collection of logical structures of data or objects. ->There are many schema o *cts. But, we11---. mention the objects that we will cover in this course or some important objects that we need to know.
Table:A table is the base unit of the database to store data, formatted with columns and rows.
View:	A view is a virtual table that provides access to a subset of columns or some restricted rows from one or more tables.
Constraint:	Constraints are the rules for restricting invalid data entry into tables.
Index:	Indexes are used for improving speed of data retrieval from tables.
Sequence:	Sequences are the database objects which generate unique integers.
Synonym:	A synonym is an alternative name (alias) for the database objects.
Materialized View:	A materialized view has a real table filled by an SQL query unlike the views. The rrefilled with a specificied time frequency.
Functions and Procedures:	Functions return some value, but procedures return nothing.
Packages:	Packages are the schema objects that compiled and stored in the database.
    Packages are consist of SQL - PL/SQL codes, variables, cursors, etc. to perform
    operation by using functions and procedures.
Database Links:	Database links are the connections between two physical database servers.
• Nonschema Objects; Other types of objects thats stored in the database are called Nonschema Obje are not in a schema. There are a lot of nonschema objects like directories, roles, tablespaces, users, ...



What is a Schema? 
• Schemas are the collections of objects for each user in Oracle Database. 
What is HR Schema? 

• Abbreviation of Human Resources. A schema that can practice on it. ➢ A schema can have objects like: Tables,Views,Triggers,Constraints etc. 


SQL is Structured Query Language 
SQL is a language used to interact with the database. 
WE can use SQL in
BI, Data Science, Database Administration, Web Development, etc..
